Welcome to Numerology 0.4.0!

This is the help file, which will explain the menu options.

     menu    Reprints the menu selections
     new     Runs the data input to change people
     help    Prints the help document (this one)
     exit    Exits the program

a) UNIVERSAL YEAR
    This calculates the energy for the universe for the current year.

b) UNIVERSAL MONTH
    This calculates the energy for the universe for the current month, which is a more
    subtle influence to the Universal Year.

c) BIRTH NUMBER
    This is the  number which influences your personality. While it influences everyone
    born on the same day, its effect with your other numbers is unique. We use the day of
    birth to calculate this number.

d) SOUL NUMBER
    Calculated from the vowels in your name at birth, the Soul Number tells your heart's
    desire. It is what you yearn for throughout your life.

e) LIFE PATH NUMBER
    The Life Path Number is calculated from your birth date. You can find your career path
    here. This number tells you what path you should be on.

f) DESTINY NUMBER
    Your Destiny Number is the goal of your life. This helps you determine what kinds of
    things you're destined for. This is calculated from all the letters in your full
    name at birth.

g) MATURITY NUMBER
    The Maturity Number helps identify who you will be when you read maturity. It is the
    combination of your Life Path number and your Destiny number.

h) PERSONALITY NUMBER
    Calculated from the consonants in your name, the Personality Number explores how others
    see you. From what you wear to how you act, you can see it all here.

i) PERSONAL YEAR
    The Personal Year number is your vibration for the year. This is the strongest influence
    on your current experiences. It is calculated by your birthday with the current year.

j) PERSONAL MONTH
    The Personal Month is like adding spice to the pot. It adds flavor to your energy for the
    year, and lasts only for the current month. We start with your Personal Year number, and
    add the number of the month.

k) PERSONAL DAY
    The Personal Day number is like icing on a cake. Just a subtle twist to your energy for
    the month. For this one, we take your Personal Month number, and add the number of the
    specific day.
